A wide range of update artifacts:
Device Update for IoT Hub supports two forms of updates – image-based and package-based.

-Package-based updates are targeted updates that alter only a specific component or application on the device. This leads to lower consumption of bandwidth and helps reduce the time to download and install the update. Package updates typically allow for less downtime of devices when applying an update and avoid the overhead of creating images.

-Image updates provide a higher level of confidence in the end-state of the device. It is typically easier to replicate the results of an image-update between a pre-production environment and a production environment, since it doesn’t pose the same challenges as packages and their dependencies. Due to their atomic nature, one can also adopt an A/B failover model easily.

3 maojor steps:
-Device Update Agent
-Importing
-Grouping & Deployment

1)Device Update Agent
When an update command is received on a device, it will execute the requested phase of updating (either Download, Install and Apply). During each phase, status is returned to Device Update via IoT Hub so you can view the current status of a deployment. If there are no updates in progress, the status is returned as “Idle”. A deployment can be canceled at any time.

2)Importing
Importing is how your updates are ingested into Device Update so they can be deployed to devices. Device Update supports rolling out a single update per device. This makes it ideal for full-image updates that update an entire OS partition at once, or an apt Manifest that describes all the packages you want to update on your device. To import updates into Device Update, you first create an import manifest describing the update, then upload the update file(s) and the import manifest to an Internet-accessible location. After that, you can use the Azure portal or the Device Update REST API to initiate the asynchronous process of update import. Device Update uploads the files, processes them, and makes them available for distribution to IoT devices.
For sensitive content, protect the download using a shared access signature (SAS), such as an ad-hoc SAS for Azure Blob Storage.

3)Grouping and deployment
After importing an update, you can view compatible updates for your devices and device classes.
Device Update supports the concept of Groups via tags in IoT Hub. Deploying an update out to a test group first is a good way to reduce the risk of issues during a production rollout.
In Device Update, deployments are a way of connecting the right content to a specific set of compatible devices. Device Update orchestrates the process of sending commands to each device, instructing them to download and install the updates and getting status back

Capacity-1000GB
Type : Block Blob Storage
Access Tier: Hot
Performance Tier:Standard
Plus all other services
Monthly Charges $21.84
Support(Standard):$100
Total Monthly cost(Including Support): $121.84