4. Integration of azure resources

-IOT Hub
-Stream Analytics
-Power Bi

4.1.IOT Hub with Stream Analytics:
4.1.1Adding a Consumer Group to IoT Hub:
Consumer groups are used by applications to pull data from the IoT Hub.

Follow the steps given below to add a consumer to your IoT Hub :

1.  Sign in to your Microsoft Azure account.

2.  Open your IoT Hub. Click on Endpoints under Messaging.

3.  In the window that appears after clicking on Endpoints, click on the built-in endpoint named Events. This is shown in the image given below.

4.  A new window named Properties will open. In this window, find Consumer Groups and enter a name for a new consumer group and then click on Save at the top-left of that window.

4.1.2Add an Input to the Stream Analytics Job:

1.  Open the Stream Analytics job you created.

2.  Click on Inputs. It is listed under Job Topology.

3.  In the window that opens, click on Add.

4.  A New Input window will open. Fill in the details asked.

Input Alias : Unique alias for input. A green check mark will appear if it is valid.
Source Type : Select Data Stream.
Source : Select IoT Hub.
Import Option : Choose Select IoT hub from your subscriptions option.
IoT Hub : Choose your IoT Hub name.
Endpoint : Select Messaging.
Shared access policy name : Select iothubowner.
Consumer group : Choose the consumer group you created earlier.
Event Serialization Format :  Select JSON.
Encoding : Select UTF-8.
Event compression type : Select None.

5.  Click Create.

4.2.Stream Analytics With Power Bi:
4.2.1Add an Output to the Stream Analytics Job:

1.  Open the Stream Analytics job you created.

2.  Click on Outputs. It is listed under Job Topology.

3.  In the window that opens, click on Add.

4.  A New Output window will open. Fill in the details asked.

Input Alias : Unique alias for output. A green check mark will appear if it is valid.
Sink : Select Power BI.

5.  After selecting Sink as Power BI, Authorize option will appear. Click on Authorize.

6.  A new tab will open in your browser and take you to a Microsoft sign-in page. Enter your credentials for Microsoft Power BI there and sign in.

7.  The following options will appear in the New Output window after authorization.

Group Workspace : Select My Workspace or any other target workspace.
Dataset Name : Enter a name for the dataset.
Table Name : Enter a name for the table.

8.  Click Create.


4.2.2Configure the Query of the Stream Analytics Job

1.  Open the Stream Analytics job you created.

2.  Click on Query. It is listed under Job Topology.

3.  In the window that opens,
Replace [YourInputAlias] with the input alias of the job you created.
Replace [YourOutputAlias] with the output alias of the job you created.

4.  Click Save on the top left of the window.

4.2.3Run the Stream Analytics Job

1.  Open the Stream Analytics Job from the dashboard.

2.  Click on the Start button on the top left corner.

3.  A new window will open. Select Job output start time as Now and click Start.

4.  You will see that the Status changes from Created to Starting. And when the service has started, it changes to Running.

 