Ram-
Memory-
Connectivity-
Hardware Interface-
Industrial Protocols-
Integrated Sensors-
OS-
Processor Manufactures-
Secure Hardware-


Questions:
Why would we want more or less RAM on a device?
Why would we want a more or less powerful CPU on a device?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of different types of devices?
What amount do you expect we would need to spend on a physical device?	

-----------------------------------------

1)Memory(Industrial gateways deployed in factories, usually collect multiple sensor readings every second. However, situations such as network failures may arise and as a result the gateway will need to store this data while the network issues are being remedied.)
-At least 20 Gb
-It is advisable therefore to invest in a gateway that allows for expansion of storage and additional micro-SD slots .
2)Does the gateway have built-in security features and options?
3)Is the gateway certified?
The gateway model should be FCC/CE/IC certified, in accordance with the standard compliance required for electronic products. There are additional certifications such as Mobile PTCRB/GCF and safety certifications, which are worthwhile to note.
4)Does the data being collected from the sensors need to be filtered?
5)How much data does the gateway need to collect from the sensors?
6
-------------------------
 perform many tasks, from simple data filtering to enabling visualization and complex analytics.

IoT Gateway feature set
A versatile IoT Gateway may perform any of the following :

Facilitating communication with legacy or non-internet connected devices
Data caching, buffering and streaming
Data pre-processing, cleansing, filtering and optimization
Some data aggregation
Device to Device communications/M2M
Networking features and hosting live data
Data visualization and basic data analytics via IoT Gateway applications
Short term data historian features
Security – manage user access and network security features
Device configuration management
System diagnostics
